Changes for discussion to the PR Template (#26631)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-net: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

> # Contributing to the SDK

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Contributing to the Azure SDK
```

> Please see our [CONTRIBUTING.md](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-net/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md) if you are not familiar with contributing to this repo or have questions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please see our [CONTRIBUTING.md](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-net/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md) if you are not familiar with contributing to this repository or have questions.
```

> ## Pull Request etiquette and best practices

Author: This was distilled from comments during our team discussion today

Reviewer 2: I think all this text would be best in CONTRIBUTING.md. We could link to the bookmark directly.

Repeated studies show people don't like reading large blocks of text. I suspect - after seeing it more often in repos with larger template - people just `Ctrl+A + Del` when they see large templates like this with descriptive text just so they can write what they need. For example, have you ever seen an Azure/azure-rest-api-specs PR template filled out?

Author: It's a good discussion. Arguably we should just anchor link to a few key parts, this being one of them.

Author: Moved it to the main CONTRIBUTING.md

> ### Reviewers

Reviewer 3: This calls out all the things one shouldn't do... maybe we should also add things around approvals -- when should one approve? Something along the line of requesting approval from the area owner?

Author: >  Something along the line of requesting approval from the area owner?

Are there scenarios where this wouldn't be automatically done via codeowners?

Reviewer 3: I don't think there is a GitHub way to block on area owners. I know that Fabric Bot has an awesome PR flow where you can request (and the bot will block) PRs from certain people but we're not using that yet.

- If you disagree with the overall approach of the PR, comment on the general PR rather than individual lines of code.

> - Leaving [suggested changes](https://docs.github.com/en/pull-requests/collaborating-with-pull-requests/reviewing-changes-in-pull-requests/commenting-on-a-pull-request#adding-line-comments-to-a-pull-request) is welcomed, but please never committ them for a PR you did not create.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
- Leaving [suggested changes](https://docs.github.com/en/pull-requests/collaborating-with-pull-requests/reviewing-changes-in-pull-requests/commenting-on-a-pull-request#adding-line-comments-to-a-pull-request) is welcomed, but please never commit them for a PR you did not create.
```

> - Leaving [suggested changes](https://docs.github.com/en/pull-requests/collaborating-with-pull-requests/reviewing-changes-in-pull-requests/commenting-on-a-pull-request#adding-line-comments-to-a-pull-request) is welcomed, but please never commit them for a PR you did not create.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Leaving [suggested changes](https://docs.github.com/pull-requests/collaborating-with-pull-requests/reviewing-changes-in-pull-requests/commenting-on-a-pull-request#adding-line-comments-to-a-pull-request) is welcomed, but please never commit them for a PR you did not create.
```

Just like with docs.microsoft.com links, do not include language when the site would otherwise use the browser's `Accept-Language` header to pick the best for the user.

- When you are seeking to understand something rather than request corrections, it is suggested to use language such as "I'm curious ..." as a prefix to comments.

> - Avoid marking a PR as Request Changes unless you have serious concerns that should block the PR from merging.

Reviewer 5: 'Request Changes' in quotes perhaps to indicate it is a particular thing?

> - Avoid marking a PR as "Request Changes" ![2022_01_27_08_33_07_Changes_for_discussion_to_the_PR_Template_by_christothes_Pull_Request_26631_](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1279263/151379844-b9babb22-b0fe-4b9c-b749-eb7488a38d84.png) unless you have serious concerns that should block the PR from merging.

Reviewer 2: This really depends on the target audience. Not only is "request changes" implied if you don't have merge permissions, it may not be obvious to some contributors that we are indeed waiting for changes before we decide to merge.

### PR Authors

> - If significant changes are added to a PR after it has been marked approved, confirm with reviewers that they still approve before merging.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If you add  significant changes the PR after it has been marked approved, please confirm with reviewers that they still approve before merging.
```
